Update add status functionality description (#41294)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/distributed-tracing-instrumentation-walkthroughs.md

OpenTelemetry allows each Activity to report a
[Status](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/api.md#set-status)

> that represents the pass/fail result of the work. .NET have a strongly typed API for this purpose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that represents the pass/fail result of the work. .NET has a strongly-typed API for this purpose:
```

> Values for the ActivityStatusCode respectively to the enums `Unset`, `Ok`, and `Error`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <xref:System.Diagnostics.ActivityStatusCode> values are represented as either, `Unset`, `Ok`, and `Error`.
```
